Missing traits for Sorgenfrey line (#1258)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000043/properties/P000102.md

---
space: S000043
property: P000102
value: false
---

Assume $d$ is a semimetric on $X$. For $x\in X$ pick $r(x)>0$
such that $B_d(x,r(x))\subseteq [x,+\infty)$. For $n\in \N$ define
$A_n=\{x\in\R: r(x) > 1/n \}$. Then $A_m$ is uncountable for some $m\in \N$.
There exists a decreasing sequence

> $(a_n)_{n=1}^\infty\subset A_m$ such that $a_n\to a$ for some $a\in A_m$.

Reviewer: Maybe it's better to state that this “$a_n \to a$” is in the Euclidean topology?

Author: True. It may be misleading.

Reviewer: What I means is that this $a_n \to a$ is in Euclidean topology. Since you stated in Line 12 that so $a_n \to a$ in Sorgenfrey topology, maybe it is not a problem.

---
space: S000043
property: P000102
value: false
---

Assume $d$ is a semimetric on $X$. For $x\in X$ pick $r(x)>0$
such that $B_d(x,r(x))\subseteq [x,+\infty)$. For $n\in \N$ define
$A_n=\{x\in\R: r(x) > 1/n \}$. Then $A_m$ is uncountable for some $m\in \N$.
Observe that for distinct $x,y\in A_m$ either
$y\notin [x,+\infty)$ or $x\notin [y,+\infty)$,
implying $d(x,y)=d(y,x)>1/m$.

Since semimetric balls form local bases at every point of $X$, their interiors are not empty,

> hence for every $a\in A_m$ there exists interval form the canonical base $[a,a+\varepsilon_a)\subset B_d(a,1/m)$ not containing other points of $A_m$. These intervals form an uncountable disjoint family, contradicting the fact that
> {S43|P26}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
hence for every $a\in A_m$ there exists an interval from the canonical base $[a,a+\varepsilon_a)\subset B_d(a,1/m)$ not containing other points of $A_m$. These intervals form an uncountable disjoint family, contradicting the fact that
{S43|P29}.
```
